Added note for trying out WebAssembly sandbox (#5079)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/telemetry/in-proxy-service-telemetry/index.md

    $ kubectl -n istio-system apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/istio/proxy/master/extensions/stats/testdata/istio/metadata-exchange_filter.yaml
    {{< /text >}}

    or

    Enable metadata exchange filter with WebAssembly sandbox using the following command:

    {{< text bash >}}

>     $ kubectl -n istio-system apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/istio/proxy/master/extensions/stats/testdata/istio/metadata-exchange_with_wasm_filter.yaml

Reviewer: This file won't be available in `master` branch of istio/proxy, will it?

Author: no it won't

Author: Updated the link

Author: @PiotrSikora : PR is ready for review!

Reviewer: Looks good, but we cannot merge it before https://github.com/istio/proxy/pull/2433.

    $ kubectl -n istio-system apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/istio/proxy/master/extensions/stats/testdata/istio/metadata-exchange_filter.yaml
    {{< /text >}}

    {{< tip >}}

>     Alternatively, if you have Istio 1.3.x, you can enable metadata exchange filter with WebAssembly sandbox using the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, if you have Istio 1.3 or later, you can enable the metadata exchange filter with the WebAssembly sandbox using the
```

    following command:

    {{< text bash >}}

>     $ kubectl -n istio-system apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/istio/proxy/release-1.3/extensions/stats/testdata/istio/metadata-exchange_with_wasm_filter.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    $ kubectl -n istio-system apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/istio/proxy/{{< source_branch_name >}}/extensions/stats/testdata/istio/metadata-exchange_with_wasm_filter.yaml
```
